# Tutorial

This panel intended to analysis data in programmingly processing mode. It provides an easy way to perform the whole workflow without mannually interaction with web server.

## Structure
### Columbus files uploading
Flat files should be compressed to one zipball (.zip), and are uploaded by clicking the select files button in the "Upload compressed file" block.
### Well-gene specification file uploading
The well-gene specification file should be available during experimental design. It indicates the well position and the gene located. The first line must be column name line (including barcode, well and genesymbol items). Only comma seperated file (.csv) is supported. Files of other formats can be resaved to .csv by Microsoft Excel or other software.
### Configuration file uploading
The templete of configuation file at https.

## To run
Click the button "Start analyzing!".

## Results
The results are exibited on different panels. All results can be downloaded by clicking "Download" button.

- **General report** : a bar plot showing the number of the hits; a table include the processed data and the detected hits.
- **Detailed report**: a volcano plot showing the distribution of the data; a table include the raw data and processed data, well quality condition and detected hits. The volcano plot visualize the significance of the hits (-log10 p-value in the multiple t-test) versus the log2 intensity on the y- and x axes, respectively. Hits that are quantitatively and statistically significant are labeled in red. You can highlight genes of interest on volcano plot in mannually interactive mode. You can switch among different results by choosing the item from the "Select Item" pull-down list.
- **Functional profiling** : a bar plot showing the p values of the enriched items; a table include the details generated by gProfileR package. You can choose the type of enriched items to show in mannually interactive mode. You can switch among different results by choosing the item from the "Select Item" pull-down list.
- **Data visualization** : the heatmap and box plot of raw data and normalized data. You can compare the data distribution before and after normalization.
- **Quality control** : the heatmap represents the pearson correlations of replicated plates, the boxplot shows the average standard deviations of replicates considering their means, where the black dots indicate bad wells.
- **File information**: the experimental information table extracted from the configuration file
- **Well-Gene Mapping Table** : the well-gene specification table
- **Configuration** : the content of the configuration table uploaded

## Further information
This panel provides an interface to R package [OperaMate](https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/OperaMate.html)'s operaMate function.
